feat(refactoring): new docs and reorg (#204)
amber-lang/amber-docs: docs/0.6.0-alpha/advanced_syntax/error_handling.md

## Failable Functions

Functions that include unhandled _failable_ statements - such as `fail` statements or `$ $?` error propagation - are also marked as _failable_. This allows errors to propagate naturally through the call stack, enabling centralized and consistent error handling.

```ab
fun failing() {
    fail 1
}
```

Here is another example of a failing function:

```ab
fun failing(name) {
    $ command $?
    parse(name)?
}
```

Notice that using `?` operator is automatically failing with the `status()` code of the failing operation.

### Failable Function Return Types

If you specify the return type of a failable function, you must also append the `?` to the type name.

```ab
fun failable(): Int? {
    if 0 > 5 {
        fail 1
    }

    return 1
}
```

Note that you cannot force a function to become failable by simply appending the `?` to the return type. The `?` can (and must) only be used in a function declaration, if the function is actually failable.

Conversely, if a function might fail (e.g. it calls another failable function or uses the `fail` keyword), it **must** have the `?` specifier if you annotate its return type.

> Combinations of using `trust` and `?` that are considered invalid (such as trying to use a `trust`ed failing result and propagating it with `?` where not applicable) will be correctly diagnosed by the compiler.

Reviewer: give example

## Status Code

> Status code contains information about latest failing function or a command that was run. Accessing status is as simple as calling `status()` function.

Reviewer: Try something more like this:

```suggestion
You can access status code of the latest command by calling builtin `status()` function.
```

# Error Handling {#error_handling}

> Amber provides several mechanisms for handling errors: failing functions, failable functions, status codes, and error handling blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amber provides several mechanisms for handling errors: failable functions, status codes, and error handling blocks.
```

> ## Failing Functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Failable Functions
```

> Functions can additionally fail. We call them _failable_ functions. A failable function is a type of function that can fail. To fail a function use a `fail` keyword and follow it with exit code.

Reviewer: "A failable function is a type of function that can fail." sound like "butter is buttery"

> Functions can additionally fail. We call them _failable_ functions. A failable function is a type of function that can fail. To fail a function use a `fail` keyword and follow it with exit code.

Reviewer: "To fail a function use a `fail` keyword and follow it with exit code." This also sounds odd and not comprehensive enough. 

Try maybe something like this:

```suggestion
Functions that include unhandled _failable_ statements - such as `fail` statements or `$ $?` error propagation - are also marked as _failable_. This allows errors to propagate naturally through the call stack, enabling centralized and consistent error handling.
```

```ab
fun failing() {
    fail 1
}
```

Here is another example of a failing function:

```ab
fun failing(name) {
    $ command $?
    parse(name)?
}
```

> Notice that using `?` operator is automatically failing with the `status()` code of the failing operation.

Reviewer: Give example

    }

    return 1
}
```

Note that you cannot force a function to become failable by simply appending the `?` to the return type. The `?` can (and must) only be used in a function declaration, if the function is actually failable.

Conversely, if a function might fail (e.g. it calls another failable function or uses the `fail` keyword), it **must** have the `?` specifier if you annotate its return type.

Combinations of using `trust` and `?` that are considered invalid (such as trying to use a `trust`ed failing result and propagating it with `?` where not applicable) will be correctly diagnosed by the compiler.

## Status Code

Status code contains information about latest failing function or a command that was run. Accessing status is as simple as calling `status()` function.

```ab
fun safeDivision(a: Num, b: Num): Num {
    if b == 0 {
        fail 1
    }
    return a / b
}
```

Now let's see how this code will behave in different scenarios:

```ab
let result = trust safeDivision(24, 4)
echo("{result}, {status()}")
// Outputs: 6, 0
```

This was a happy ending. Now let's see what happens when we divide by zero:

```ab
let result = safeDivision(15, 0) failed(code) {

>     echo("Function failed with code {code}")

Reviewer: You're not using `status()` mentioned above

}
// Outputs: Function failed with code 1
```

## Error Handling Blocks

Amber provides `failed(code)` blocks to handle function failures gracefully:

```ab
let result = someFailableFunction() failed(code) {

>     echo("Operation failed with code {code}")

Reviewer: Why there's no mention of `exited`?

    // Handle the error appropriately
}
```

## The `?` Operator

> The `?` operator is used for automatic error propagation. When a failable function or operation fails, the `?` operator will automatically fail the current function with the same exit code.

Reviewer: This operator should be mentioned first as it is used in the first section on failable functions

```ab
fun processFile(filename): Int? {

>     let content = trust readFile(filename)?  // Fails if readFile fails

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    let content = readFile(filename)?  // Fails if readFile fails
```

>     let result = parseContent(content)?      // Fails if parseContent fails

Reviewer: Let's align the comments

```suggestion
    let content = readFile(filename)?        // Fails if readFile fails
    let result = parseContent(content)?      // Fails if parseContent fails
```

    return result
}
```

## Best Practices

1. **Use `trust` when you're confident a failable operation will succeed**
2. **Use `?` for automatic error propagation in failable functions**
3. **Use `failed(code)` blocks when you want to handle specific failures gracefully**

> 4. **Always check `status()` after operations to understand what happened**

Reviewer: You don't have to always check the `status()` if you've handled the function correctly or if you trust the function
